README.md, before:

# Angular Project

##Description

Simple GitHub Profile app that using Github API/Javascript/AngularJS to allow search througth Github user profiles and show list of github profiles information for requested username: user's login,user's avatar, number of followers and number of repos.


##Authors
- Douglas Rose ([DouglasRose](https://github.com/DouglasRose))
- Iryna Howarth ([irynahowarth](https://github.com/irynahowarth))
- Mark Hill ([markcmhill](https://github.com/markcmhill))
- Matt Gough ([MattGough](https://github.com/MattGough))
- Wim Hekkelman ([jwhekk](https://github.com/jwhekk))

##Technologies & Principles

- Angular JS
- Javascript
- GitHub API
- Testing with Jasmine/Karma

## Installation
- Add dependencies by ```bower install```

## Testing
- Run server ```npm start```
- Run Karma ```npm test``` in another terminal tab
- Run Protractor ```npm run protractor``` in another terminal tab

## Implementation

## User Stories


### Must-haves

```
As a hiring partner
So I can view information about Github users rapidly
I want a list of Github users
```

```
As a hiring partner
So I can find a specific user
I want to search for a particular user by username and view them in the list
```

```
As a hiring partner
So I can see what a user looks like
I want to view each user's avatar in the list
```

```
As a hiring partner
So I can see how popular a user is
I want to view the number of followers for each user in the list
```

```
As a hiring partner
So I can see how prolific a user is
I want to view the number of repos each user in the list has
```

### Nice-to-haves

```
As a hiring partner
So I can enjoy my experience of using this app
I want animations on search submission and on loading of new content
```

```
As a hiring partner
So I can easily use this app
I want a beautiful frontend
```

Commit message:

Updated README.md with sinatra-heroku info.

README.md, after:

# Angular Project

##Description

Simple GitHub Profile app that using Github API/Javascript/AngularJS to allow search through Github user profiles and show list of github profiles information for requested username: user's login,user's avatar, number of followers and number of repos.


##Authors
- Douglas Rose ([DouglasRose](https://github.com/DouglasRose))
- Iryna Howarth ([irynahowarth](https://github.com/irynahowarth))
- Mark Hill ([markcmhill](https://github.com/markcmhill))
- Matt Gough ([MattGough](https://github.com/MattGough))
- Wim Hekkelman ([jwhekk](https://github.com/jwhekk))

##Technologies & Principles

- Angular JS
- Javascript
- GitHub API
- Testing with Jasmine/Karma
- Node & npm

## Installation
- Add dependencies by ```bower install```

## Testing
- Run server ```npm start```
- Run Karma ```npm test``` in another terminal tab
- Run Protractor ```npm run protractor``` in another terminal tab

## Implementation

## Deployment to Heroku
- Set up on ```sinatra-heroku``` branch
- Initialized with ```sinatra gem```
- Visit at https://github-user-search123.herokuapp.com/


## User Stories


### Must-haves

```
As a hiring partner
So I can view information about Github users rapidly
I want a list of Github users
```

```
As a hiring partner
So I can find a specific user
I want to search for a particular user by username and view them in the list
```

```
As a hiring partner
So I can see what a user looks like
I want to view each user's avatar in the list
```

```
As a hiring partner
So I can see how popular a user is
I want to view the number of followers for each user in the list
```

```
As a hiring partner
So I can see how prolific a user is
I want to view the number of repos each user in the list has
```

### Nice-to-haves

```
As a hiring partner
So I can enjoy my experience of using this app
I want animations on search submission and on loading of new content
```

```
As a hiring partner
So I can easily use this app
I want a beautiful frontend
```
